ASR TFLite model for edge deployment (#58)
tensorflow/tfhub.dev: assets/docs/neso613/ASR_TFLite/pre_trained_models/English/1.md

# Lite neso613/ASR_TFLite/pre_trained_models/English/1

TF Lite quantized version of the Conformer to generate text from audio.

<!-- parent-model: neso613/ASR_TFLite/pre_trained_models/1 -->

> <!-- asset-path: legacy -->

Reviewer: Please replace `legacy` with a URL from which the model can be downloaded. Note that Google Drive links (even if they are public) will not work. [Google Cloud Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage) or [Firebase Hosting](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting) are good alternatives.

Author: Google Cloud Storage is free for some time only. So I need to kept model there for always or some time.

Reviewer: It only needs to be there until the model is available on tfhub.dev. Once you see your model is available, you can remove it.

Author: ok.thanks!

> ASR TFLite model is 19.1 MB in size[link.](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jElSz35ivHsW7ww5X85rghEf0PVDlaMZ/view?usp=sharing)

Reviewer: No need to include this. The model size shows up on the download button.

Author: ok. I will remove this. Thanks for feedback.

> ## About Conformer

Reviewer: It could be helpful to provide some information about the inputs and outputs. It's unclear to me right now what this model does.

Author: The TFLite model takes english audio as input and gives english text as output.
I will update this in readme also.

> Transformer and CNN based models have shown promising results in Automatic Speech Recognition,significantly outperforms the previous models achieving state-of-the-art accuracies. 

Reviewer: Grammar nit:

```suggestion
Transformer and CNN based models have shown promising results in Automatic Speech Recognition, and significantly outperform previous state-of-the-art models.
```

Author: My bad!! Thanks for correcting me.

> - This model is trained on LibriSpeech dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This model is trained on the LibriSpeech dataset.
```

Author: Thanks for correcting me.

# Lite neso613/ASR_TFLite/pre_trained_models/English/1

TF Lite quantized version of the Conformer to generate text from audio.

<!-- parent-model: neso613/ASR_TFLite/pre_trained_models/1 -->
<!-- asset-path: https://storage.googleapis.com/english-asr-tflite-model/subword-conformer-english.tflite -->

> [![Open Colab notebook]](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1RN91rBO5UkOlKk_pc9kVivtjgP76aeox?usp=sharing)

Reviewer 2: Could you remove this line and add 
```
<!-- colab: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1RN91rBO5UkOlKk_pc9kVivtjgP76aeox?usp=sharing -->
```
just below the `asset-path` tag? We've just changed how Colab notebooks should be specified. Sorry about that!

Author: That's Ok. I'll update. Thanks!
